Adults talk about dried cakes without clothes
Open up at the bottom
Tall, this Yang is really Gao Min
subordinates admire
only
This foreign beam business is not afraid to let the beam go in vain
How do you say it?
Humph
That's human nature.
Can't suppress it at all
Linjiang City these 7 days
A lot of people have poured into the field to heal
There's a lot of people out there.
Ideas can't be the same
Everyone's dilemma is different
The choice is big or small
The four handmade pots of Liangchang in Linjiang City
Basically last year's pot grain
It's just a big disaster this year
Fifty to seventy in the market
Take the opportunity to stock up on grain
Their cost is low enough
Naturally not good
But these foreign grain merchants are different
This year, Guangliang County is not feeling well as a whole
Overall food prices have been rising
Some of them
It's all broke and wants to make a lot of money
Some people charge a high price
Do not hesitate to travel dozens of miles
Want to make a difference?
And the cost of these dozens of miles
It's a terrifying number.
Not to mention that some people have spare money to buy food
Some people go bankrupt to buy food
So hard to tell
Their panic selling
Is the inevitable end
Cai Cheng, even if none of them throw their hands away
That's how I suffer
Take my head to apologize to Her Majesty the Queen
The head fell off
It's just a scar the size of a bowl.
What is this?
OK
The mentality of the adult Tarzan falling in front of him without changing his face
The lower official is matched with hey
Really?
Why do tall adults show off elegant treasures every day?
The charm of the home when the experience is transparent
carry-on treasure
Right there.
Increases your utilization
Aren't you afraid that you will be lucky?
More than that
The eldest son also ordered the servants to protect him closely
Haha oops
Uh, Linjiang City has been decided
Don't look anymore
Just wait for the good family to plummet
The price of grain in Yingjiang City is as low as 93 mosquitoes per barrel
Then send someone to sweep the lower palace gate
County Yannei granary onion fungus
Another 15 acres of land, only 90 mosquitoes per barrel
Hahahaha
Old Yu is not good
Now grain prices in Linjiang City have fallen
To the end of 93
How is that possible?
I didn't sell it.
And it costs hundreds of thousands of taels to sweep the goods.
How could the price of grain in Linjiang City drop so much?
Don't you dare talk nonsense again
The old man will definitely beat you to death
Is it Liangshan from other places?
There are many foreign Liangshan today
They growl out of order.
According to the speed of this decline
I'm afraid it will soon be enough for Jiusheng Yiduo.
Fart me Lingjiang City Temple is great
Where did so many out-of-town healing come from?